# campuspe-internship-excercise-assignment
Author : Sharadha bai hs 
Repository: https://github.com/anushards17/campuspe-internship-excercise-assignment
Overview : This repository contains my completed solutions for the Campuspe Internship Exercise Assignment. It includes multiple Python programs designed to demonstrate:                           * Strong programming fundamentals                                                                  * Logical problem-solving skills                                                                   * Modular and structured code design                                                               Each program handles user input efficiently, performs accurate computations or logical operations, and outputs results clearly. The tasks were designed to simulate real-world programming scenarios and test problem-solving abilities.
The key objectives of this assignment are:                                                           *Apply fundamental programming concepts in Python effectively                                     *Demonstrate ability to work with multiple inputs and produce correct outputs
How to Run the Programs:                                                                            * Ensure Python 3.x is installed on your system.                                                   * download this repository.                                                                        * Open the desired task folder in a terminal or command prompt.                                    * Run the Python file using the command:                                                                                                     python filename.py
*Programs demonstrate factorial calculations, prime checking, number reversal, and sum of digits for multiple inputs.                                                                             * Designed for efficiency, accuracy, and user-friendly interaction.                               *Provides a strong portfolio-ready demonstration of Python programming skills.
This repository showcases my comprehensive solutions for the Campuspe Internship Exercise Assignment. Each program demonstrates a clear understanding of Python programming fundamentals, logical problem-solving. The tasks highlight my ability to write clean, efficient, and maintainable code while handling multiple inputs and producing accurate results.
